Update README and Scripts for Safe Harbor V2 enhancements (#33)
security-alliance/safe-harbor: registry-contracts/README.md

|----------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `DEPLOYER_PRIVATE_KEY` | ✅ | - | Private key for transaction signing |
| `AGREEMENT_OWNER` | ❌ | Deployer address | Address that will own the agreement |
| `ADOPT_TO_REGISTRY` | ❌ | `false` | Whether to adopt the agreement to the registry |

**Usage:**
```bash
cd registry-contracts

> forge script script/v2/AdoptSafeHarborV2.s.sol:AdoptSafeHarborV2 --rpc-url <URL> --verify --broadcast

Reviewer: Just making sure you're aware that you don't need to specify the contract if there's only one right?  Like `forge script script/v2/AdoptSafeHarborV2.s.sol --rpc-url <URL> --verify --broadcast` will work to run the command, adding the contract name is redundant.

Applies to all the cases.

https://getfoundry.sh/forge/reference/script/
```
Usage: forge script [OPTIONS] <PATH> [ARGS]...

Arguments:
  <PATH>
          The contract you want to run. Either the file path or contract name.
          
          If multiple contracts exist in the same file you must specify the
          target contract with --target-contract.
```

Reviewer: I guess, just seemed unnecessary to change in either case.

To deploy the registry to an EVM-compatible chain where it is not currently deployed:

1. Ensure the deterministic-deployment-proxy is deployed at 0x4e59b44847b379578588920cA78FbF26c0B4956C, and if it's not, deploy it using [the process mentioned above](https://github.com/Arachnid/deterministic-deployment-proxy).

> 2. Deploy the registry using the above proxy with salt `bytes32(0)` from the EOA that will become the registry admin. The file [`script/v2/DeployRegistryV2.s.sol`](script/v2/DeployRegistryV2.s.sol) is a convenience script for this task. To use it, set the `REGISTRY_DEPLOYER_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable to a private key that can pay for the deployment transaction costs, or use `--ledger` to deploy with a ledger account. Then, run the script using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy the registry using the above proxy with salt `bytes32(0)` from the EOA that will become the registry admin. The file [`script/v1/DeployRegistryV1.s.sol`](script/v1/DeployRegistryV1.s.sol) is a convenience script for this task. To use it, set the `REGISTRY_DEPLOYER_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable to a private key that can pay for the deployment transaction costs, or use `--ledger` to deploy with a ledger account. Then, run the script using:
```

Signed accounts only apply to v1 instances of the registry - we removed that field from v2 since maintaining igned accounts with mutable agreements would be a huge pain.

```
cd registry-contracts

> forge script script/v2/DeployRegistryV2.s.sol:DeployRegistryV2 --rpc-url <CHAIN_RPC_URL> --verify --broadcast --ledger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forge script script/v1/DeployRegistryV1.s.sol:DeployRegistryV1 --rpc-url <CHAIN_RPC_URL> --verify --broadcast --ledger
```

re above
